[Basic information]
Company: KOREA 360 UAE
Purpose: KOREA 360 UAE, A New Bridge Connecting Korea and the Middle East, the First and Only K-Content & Product Experience Hub
Targets: Who is interested in Korea.
Language: English
[Constructure]
HOME
About us
Introduction of KOREA360
Korea 360 is where visitors can experience all of Korea, including K-content, culture, tourism, fashion, food, beauty, and lifestyle. From K-pop to K-food, everything about Korea unfolds like a 360° panorama. Experience the uniqueness of Korean brands from all directions.
Korea Creative Content Agency (KOCCA)
The Korea Creative Content Agency (KOCCA) serves as a leading institution in fostering the innovative growth of K-content industry. KOCCA carries out various support projects for content broadcasting, game, animation, characters, comics, webtoons, stories, music, fashion and emerging technology industries. Furthermore, KOCCA conducts projects in planning, creating, producing and distributing content Ips, as well as in fostering the growth of companies and talents, investing in research and development, offering financial assistance, refining policies and establishing a robust industrial infrastructure.
Space Layout Diagram
K- Contents
K-POP
The K-POP exhibition showcases a curated collection of albums, official merchandise, and light sticks from renowned K-POP artists. As a key hub of the global Hallyu movement, this space offers an immersive experience into the creativity and culture of K-POP.
K-Character
The K-Character Zone is a space dedicated to introducing Korea`s ‘Young Toy’. Experience a world of wonder for children, brought to life in collaboration with Korea`s famous toy companies.
K-Webtoon & K-POP VR
Easily explore top Korean webtoons from eight major studios in one unified platform. A single click connects users to official viewing pages for instant access. Also, Experience K-POP concerts like never before through VR with Venta X. Step into a virtual concert venue using Meta Quest and feel the excitement in full 360° immersion.
Content Multiplex
Content Multiplex is an interactive and immersive XR experience space that combines spatial sensors with integrated wall projections. Designed for all ages, this space offers a unique and engaging experience beyond passive viewing. Visitors can enjoy digital interaction-based gaming and explore a variety of immersive content.
VIVID 360
An immersive media zone offering a multi-sensory experience of K-content through vivid visuals and surround sound. Feel the pulse of Korean culture through cutting-edge audiovisual storytelling.
Contents Experience 
(Noraebang, Step-In, Ulti-racer, PUBG, Nestyle)
Content Experience space offers an immersive showcase of Korea`s diverse creative industries. Visitors can engage with interactive content, including Noraebang(Korean style singing rooms) experiences and a variety of audiovisual screenings. This space highlights Korea`s cutting-edge media trends and its influence.
K-Foods
              Explore a variety of nutritional supplements made from ginseng and red ginseng, 
which are representative of Korean health products, and experience the taste and culture of Korea through foods that offer lan authentic taste of the country.
K-Beauty
               Step into the world of K-beauty, where you can experience a variety of skincare, haircare, and makeup products. Discover the innovation and quality behind Korea`s beauty industry, and explore why it has become a global trend, all while trying some of the best products made with natural ingredients.
K-Craft & Design
              An exhibition of Korean traditional crafts infused with modern design, highlighting exquisite artistry and craftmanship. Experience the beauty and precision of Korea`s timeless handmade works up close.
K-Lifestyle
            Experience a collection of lifestyle products from Korea, ranging from fashionable accessories to essential home appliances and convenience items. Combining Korea`s innovative design with modern technology, these products bring both style and practicality to your everyday life.
K-Fashion
              K-Fashion showcases the dynamic and evolving trends of Korean style, seamlessly blending tradition with modern innovation. Visitors can explore a curated collection of fashion, accessories, and designs from leading Korean brands and designers.
K-Tourism
The K-Tourism is a space designed to introduce both well-known and hidden 
travel destinations in Korea through videos. By capturing the diverse aspects of 
Korea on film, this space provides UAE tourists with valuable contenc to help them 
plan their trip to Korea.
K-Culture
The K-Culture is a space where visitors an experience Korea`s traditional culture 
and history at a glance. By combing Korea`s representative museums and fold 
experience zones, it offers visitors an in-depth cultural experience of Korea.
K-Star Hall
      K-Star Hall is a dedicated exhibition space showcasing exclusive collections from 
leading K-POP artists and Korean actors. Visitors can explore stage costumes, 
autographed collections, and other rare items that highlight the global impact of 
Hallyu
Main Atrium
The cultural hub of KOREA 360, hosting live performances, workshops, and 
immersive K-content experiences. It’s a space where people gather, connect, and 
celebrate Korean culture in action.
Partner Organization
Korean Cultural Center (KCC)
The Korean Cultural Center (KCC) promotes Korean culture and cultural exchange through various programs and events.
Korea Agro-Fisheries & Food Trade Corporation (aT)
Korea Agro-Fisheries & Food Trade corporation(aT) is the government agency that promotes trade, export, and marketing of Korean food and beverages.
Korean Cosmetic Industry Institute (KCII)
The Korean cosmetic Industry Institute (KCII) is a research organization promoting K-Beauty trend by researching ingredient safety, creating a global skin data bank, and supporting exports.
Korean Craft & Design Foundation (KCDF)
Korean Craft & Design Foundation (KCDF) promotes Korean craft, design, and Hanbok globally, while preserving cultural heritage and fostering regional development.
Korea Institute of Design Promotion (KIDP)
The Korea Institute of Design Promotion (KIDP) promotes South Korea`s design industry and enhances domestic companies` design capabilities.
Korea International Trade Association (KITA)
The Korea International Trade Association (KITA) is a non-profit organization that supports Korea`s trade and economic development, aiding domestic companies’ international expansion.
Korea SMEs and Startups Agency (KOSME)
The Korea SMEs and Startups Agency (KOSME) is a government agency that supports the growth and development of SMEs and startups in South Korea.
Korea Tourism Organization (KTO)
The Korea Tourism Organization (KTO) is a government agency that promotes tourism to South Korea and enhances its image as a travel destination.
Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA)
The Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA) is a government agency that supports trade, global expansion of Korean businesses.
Contact Us
Call: +971 56 500 3577
Whatsapp: +971 56 500 3577
E-mail: korea360.uae@kocca.kr
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/korea360uae/
Information
Location: Dubai Festival City Mall 1st Floor (Near North Parking)
Operation Time: Monday-Thursday 10:00-23:00
                   Friday-Sunday 10:00-24:00
